Get started on documentation and env creation (#16)
CCInc/3d-ml: README.md

<div align="center">

# 3D-ML

<a href="https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/"><img alt="PyTorch" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-ee4c2c?logo=pytorch&logoColor=white"></a>
<a href="https://pytorchlightning.ai/"><img alt="Lightning" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Lightning-792ee5?logo=pytorchlightning&logoColor=white"></a>
<a href="https://hydra.cc/"><img alt="Config: Hydra" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Config-Hydra-89b8cd"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/ashleve/lightning-hydra-template"><img alt="Template" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Lightning--Hydra--Template-017F2F?style=flat&logo=github&labelColor=gray"></a><br>

</div>

**A versatile toolbox for 3D machine learning based on Pytorch Lightning and Hydra.**

## 💻 Installation

```bash
# clone project
git clone https://github.com/CCInc/3d-ml.git && cd 3d-ml

# Create a fresh conda environment
conda activate base
conda create -n 3dml -y python=3.9
conda activate 3dml

# For GPU support

> nvidia-smi # To make sure you have drivers and CUDA installed, also gives your CUDA version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# See https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-installation-guide-linux/index.html for CUDA toolkit installation instructions
nvcc --version # To make sure you have the CUDA toolkit installed. Your PyTorch CUDA version must match your nvcc version.
```

  max_epochs: 10
  gradient_clip_val: 0.5

model:
  optimizer:
    lr: 0.002
  net:
    lin1_size: 128
    lin2_size: 256
    lin3_size: 64

datamodule:
  batch_size: 64

logger:
  wandb:
    tags: ${tags}
    group: "mnist"
```

</details>

<br>

## Workflow

**Basic workflow**

1. Write your PyTorch Lightning module (see [models/mnist_module.py](src/models/mnist_module.py) for example)
2. Write your PyTorch Lightning datamodule (see [datamodules/mnist_datamodule.py](src/datamodules/mnist_datamodule.py) for example)
3. Write your experiment config, containing paths to model and datamodule
4. Run training with chosen experiment config:
   ```bash
   python src/train.py experiment=experiment_name.yaml
   ```

**Experiment design**

_Say you want to execute many runs to plot how accuracy changes in respect to batch size._

1. Execute the runs with some config parameter that allows you to identify them easily, like tags:

   ```bash
   python train.py -m logger=csv datamodule.batch_size=16,32,64,128 tags=["batch_size_exp"]
   ```

2. Write a script or notebook that searches over the `logs/` folder and retrieves csv logs from runs containing given tags in config. Plot the results.

> <br>

Reviewer: can keep this
